TODO

maybe spell out "config" to "configuration" as appropriate

Use American versus British spelling

not critical, but for later consider cleaning out some use of
"there" and rewrite to not be so passive.

make sure use of \elink shows URL in printed book

get rid of many references of "Red Hat" -- too platform specific?

remove references to names, like "Dan Langille shared ..."
just put their names in credits for book

don't refer to very old software by specific version such as
"Red Hat 7" or FreeBSD 4.9 because is too old to put in book. It may be
relevant, but may be confusing. Maybe just remove the version number
if applicable.

maybe fine, but discuss point-of-view: don't use personal "I" or
possessive "my" unless that is consistent style for book.

replace "32 bit" and "64 bit" with "32-bit" and "64-bit" respectively.
It seems like more popular style standard

be consistent with "Note" and "NOTE". maybe use tex header for this

get rid of redundant or noisy exclamation marks

style for "ctl-alt-del" and "ctl-d"? and be consisten with formatting

be consistent for case for ext3, ext2, EXT3, or EXT2.

fix spelling of "inspite" in source and in docs (maybe use "regardless
in one place where I already changed to "in spite"

be consistent with software names, like postgres, postgresql, PostreSQL
and others

instead of using whitehouse for examples, use example.org (as that is defined
for that usage); also check other hostnames and maybe IPs and networks

use section numbers and cross reference by section number or page number
no underlining in book (this is not the web :)

some big gaps between paragraphs or between section headers and paragraphs
-- due to tex -- adjust as necessary to look nice

don't include the GPL and LGPL in book. This will save 19 (A4) pages.
For 6x9 book this will save 30 pages. (Keep GFDL though.)

many index items are too long

appendices not listed as appendix

some how consolidate indexes into one? on 6x9, the indexes are over 30 pages

don't refer to some website without including URL also
(such as "this FreeBSD Diary article")

get rid of (R) trademark symbols -- only use on first use; for example
don't put on the RPM Packaging FAQ

split up very long paragraphs, such as "As mentioned above, you will need ..."
(on my page 783).

use smaller font or split up long lines (especially from
console output which is wider than printed page)

don't assume all BSD is "FreeBSD"

don't assume all "kernel" is Linux. If it is Linux, be clear.
 
