
          Release Notes for Bacula 1.33.4

  Bacula code: Total files = 301 Total lines = 89,118 (*.h *.c *.in)

Previously Christopher Hull released a version of the new native 
Win32 File daemon that he implemented in Bacula. Since then we have
corrected a number of problems, and I have written an installer
script for the program based on the script from Michel Meyers and
including elements (the style) from the installer written by
Christopher Hull.

This release is the first one that I have entirely compiled,   
built, and tested myself. If you have installed a prior version, 
I strongly recommend you upgrade as a number of bugs are now
fixed.

Please note this is Beta code, so if you run into difficulties 
or find problems *please* report them.

To install it:

- Preferably uninstall any current Bacula File daemon you
  have installed (not required, but may eliminate and error
  message during the new install).

- Make a copy of your current /bacula/bin directory, and  
  preferably delete the contents except for your bacula-fd.conf
  file (though this is not necessary).

- Execute the released program, and answer all the questions.
  It should all be self evident.

Files Installed:

- bacula-fd.exe, pthreadsVCE.dll, bacula-fd.conf (or bacula-fd.conf.new
  if you already have one installed), and License.txt.

- Compared to the previous installation, there isn't much here.

Known problems:           

- You can get an error message about Bacula being unable to install
  if you have not uninstalled the old version. This error can be
  ignored providing you are installing into the same directory.

- The documentation is not yet included.

After installing, if you are using a WinXP, NT, 2K system, you will
need to restart the Bacula service from the Service menu (the manual
shows you how to do this), or you can reboot. I recommend the former.

This version runs with Bacula 1.33.4. It is reported to work with 
Bacula 1.32f-4, but I have not personally tested it.      

Good luck.
      
Many thanks to Christopher Hull for this marvelous software!
  
