Original release, August 2007.

Graphical features:
  Undockable (floating) windows of all interfaces.
  Page selector for deciding and finding interfaces to view
  Console command window for entering standard text console commands.
  A preferences interface for listing limits and debugging.

Graphical console
  A console to perform all the commands available from bconsole.

Graphical restoring
  High performance restore of backup with GUI tree browsing and file and
    directory selecting.  Pre-restore Interface to assist in selecting jobs for
    this restore method.
  Restore by browsing and selecting from all cataloged versions of files.  This
    method allows for Multiple simultaneous views of catalog data.  The only
    selection limitation for this browsing method is one client at a time.

Graphical listing Interfaces:
  List the backup jobs that have run. ** see details below
  List the clients and perform 4 commands on the client within context.
  List the Filesets 
  List the Job resources and perform 8 commands on the job within context.
  List the Pools and the volumes in each pool.  Pefrom 7 possible commands on
    each media.
  List the storage resources and perform any of 5 commands on the storage
    resource.

Graphical Media Management
   Modify Volume parameters
   Label a new volume
   Relabel an existing volume
   Select jobs on a volume in Job List directly from media interface
   Delete a Volume
   Purge Jobs on volume
   Update Volume Parameters from Pool Parameters

Graphical Graphing
  Interface to plot the files and bytes of backup jobs.

Other Graphical interfaces:
   Open the cataloged Log messages of a job that has run
   Run a job manually and modify job defaults before running.
   Estimate a job.  Determine the files and bytes that would be backed up if
     the job were run now.

** JobList features
  As many joblist windows at a time as desired.
  9 different selection criterion: client, volume, job, Fileset, level, status,
     purged or not, record limit and days limit
  Lists the 11 most commonly desired job attributes.
  Run the following console commands by issuing the command within the context
    of the know job number: List job, list files on job, list jobmedia, list
    volumes, delete job and purge files.
  Open other interfaces knowing the jobid: show the cataloged log of the running
    of the job, restore from that job only browsing the filestructure, restore
    from the job end time to get the most recent version of a restore after the
    job completed running and browse the combined filestucture, jump directly
    to view a plot of the selected jobs files and bytes backed up.

There is even a button to perform status dir at any time.  What more can you
  ask for.  ;-)  An are you sure dialog box will even attempt to prevent the
  user from deleting important stuff.

Almost all console commands can be run graphically without touching a keyboard.
Help me out by letting me know what still cannot be done.  I know of the
following: show, run a migration job, and editing resources in configuration
files.  The last is not a console command, so it does not count.

See the TODO file for future plans.  The bacula develompment team is interested
in your feedback and your assistance.  If you would like to get involved, join
the users and/or the developers mailing list.
